stimulate things like fertility but also
uh uh free up some resources for demand.
So I think lots of lessons to be learned
from those countries. Do you think um
you know what type of structural reform
would be necessary in order to uh push
China to make those changes? Like in the
past uh probably if one uh city
government managed to uh invite more
manufacturers to set shopping in their
place then they actually get rewarded by
tax and many other things. So what needs
to be changed?
It is true that unless a few
fundamental core challenges in the
Chinese economy is not resolved over
time, you're going to continue with that
imbalance whether China's economic weak
or economically uh strong. And one is
the relationship between local and
central government. Uh local governments
still have the burden of doing taking up
the majority of the expenditure and the
social and local economy. But um it
obviously relied in the past a lot on
land sales and real estate as a source
of revenue and uh they had to ramp up a